= Contents =
    - [[#Characters|Characters]]
    - [[#Timeline|Timeline]]
    - [[#Quests|Quests]]
      - [[#Quests#Save the Mill|Save the Mill]]
      - [[#Quests#Rescue the citizens in the temple|Rescue the citizens in the temple]]
      - [[#Quests#Challenge the enemy champion|Challenge the enemy champion]]
      - [[#Quests#Find the Dragon Camp|Find the Dragon Camp]]
      - [[#Quests#Who is raiding?|Who is raiding?]]
      - [[#Quests#Why are they raiding the area?|Why are they raiding the area?]]

== Characters ==

- [[Tarvo|Governor Tarvo Nighthill]]
- Castelan Estobart
- Lillian Swift

== Timeline ==
[[Tarvo|Governor Tarvo Nighthill]]

Bunch of kobolds were attacking the castle. We rescued a bunch of civilians around town, brought them back to the keep. 
Fought off more kobolds, then a blue drake. 

[[Sean|Woodrat]] died after insulting the blue dragon. 

Dragon flew away saying something about not being the drake's slave.

[[Sean|Maldar]] joins the party!

Mezin asks us to find [[Leosin]]

== Quests ==

- [X] [[#Save the Mill]]
- [X] [[#Save the Mill|Capture a human raid leader]]
- [X] [[#Rescue the citizens in the temple]]
- [X] [[#Find the Dragon Camp]]
- [X] [[#Who is raiding?]]
- [X] [[#Why are they raiding the area?]]

=== Save the Mill ===

Kobols and cultists make a show of seeming to try to burn down the mill.
The flee into the mill.

It's a trap.

Four guards come in just as we (the other party members) finish 

Cultists belong to the Cult of the Dragon. Ushering in the reign of the Dragon Queen.
Clutch of dragon eggs exist at the cultists's camp near town to the south west.

=== Rescue the citizens in the temple ===

Take out the rear guard.

Gnome convinces them to leave the temple. [[Edian Falconmoon]] is the priest of the temple.

=== Challenge the enemy champion ===

Maldar challenges the champion and and almost dies in one hit. He releases the four captives

=== Find the Dragon Camp ===

Discovered a small encampment. Killed the four human cultists and the kobolds run away.
One more cultist appears and gives us more directions to the camp. 3 miles southwest.

Standard practice to leave a rear guard at the front of the camp.
Used to ambush any followers.
Rocky bluffs a mile out from camp to be ambushed from above. 

Leader: [[Frulam Mondath]]

About 100 individuals. Mix of humans, kobolds, drakes.
[[Leosin]] elven monk captured at a stake near the camp base.

Cyanwrath, purple robed dude and two others.

=== Who is raiding? ===

Leader: [[Frulam Mondath]]

=== Why are they raiding the area? ===

[[Dragon Hatchery|Camp]] of the [[Cult of the Dragon]]

[[Rezmir]]

[[Frulam Mondath]]

"The Mother of Dragon's, Praise Tiamat's glory and when the day comes all nations of the Earth shall tremble at her mercy."



