Mighty warrior/scholar

Discovered the Dragon Queen were raiding the area.

Part of a secret organization called [[The Harpers]]

== Quests ==

- [ ] [[#Scout the dragon camp]] of the [[Cult of the Dragon]]

== Notes ==
Intends to travel to [[Elturel]] to visit [[Ontharr Frume]] due to their concern of the dragons in the area.

== Scout the dragon camp ==

_Prize: 150g each_

=== See what's new and what's moving in and out of the cave at the camp. ===

Effectively empty except for a small group moving carcasses into the cave.

Things found:
- Blood-smelling room
- Room with a bunch of junk
- Pit with three four-legged drakes
- Room with a shrine of a 5-headed dragon along with multiple other dragons
  - Fancy, trapped chest
- Two-story chamber with two black dragon eggs.

Barracks room

Map of Greenest

Note:
- Spread open on one of the tables is a simple map of the Greenfields area showing the villages the cult attacked and looted.
- An arrow is sketched in from the Greenfields toward the west and the town of Beregost on the Trade Way, where the arrow turns north.
- A separate sheet of paper that is covered with numerals in columns contains the note, "Everything must be freighted north to Naerytar.
- Rezmir allowed us to keep some pearls, a ring, and a handful of small stones.”
- Other papers are of less interest; most of them have bad poetry about dragons
- Rezmir allowed us to keep __something__

== Meet up with Leosin in Enturel ==

Leosin bought us horses and riding gear.

