= The Carnath Roadhouse =

= Persons of Interest: =
- [[Grisseled Pete]]
- [[Bog Luck]]

A few days have passed. Only [[Bog Luck]]'s door has a lock.

Party is split between laborers and guards. Laborers are busy building the road. Guards are just guarding them.

Bog Luck keeps a very strict ledger on what gets placed in the storage room.

As Archie wittles through the ceiling, he can hear the cultists say the following:
> Strong room, tunnel, lizard folk, Bog Luck

[[Grisseled Pete]] sleeps in the kitchen and talks in his sleep about "don't get no sleep from all those critters in the floors".

SaladTosser and Didrik head into the warehouse room and unlock the strong room. SaladTosser opens the door and sees lizard folk in the room behind a barrel.

SaladTosser creates a distraction and draws out Bog Luck and Larry Keenblade to investigate. Bog Luck heads to the warehouse on his own.

[[Bog Luck]] sees the door to the strong room open and just closes it. Suspiciously tells Larry Keenblade to head back to his room.

[[Bog Luck]] mutters in his sleep annoyed at the lizard men. Seemingly on the take.

[[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] manages to get [[Bog Luck]] to head back to the strong room. She tries to follow him, but she's not stealthy enough and gets caught. Larry Keenblade slaps some monocles on her and has [[../Jozor|Jozor]] watch her all night.

[[Bog Luck]] wakes everyone up and makes an example of her. Notices her manacles are already unlocked. Unconvinced by [[../Jozor|Jozor]]'s reason, he gets beaten as well.

At dinner, one of the cultists yells about the party killing one of their own. Jozor and the cultist begin fighting on the first floor.

Archie walks out and Jozor gets fucking bodied.

