== Current mission: == 
- [O] Infiltrate Cultist caravans

[[../Didrik|Didrik]], [[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] and [[../Grot|Grot]] somehow burnt down a merchant's caravan and killed three and a horse?

[[Lai Angesstun]] overseeing the murder is last seen entering a [[../Cult of the Dragon|cultist's]] wagon.

There's some celestial [[stag]] in the distance. [[../Didrik|Didrik]] is trying to hunt. [[../Archie|Archie]] is trying to save the deer.

Archie saves the [[stag]] and rides him back to the caravan.

Ten days pass and as we near the next town, we see a head on the ground. The words "Oath Breaker" are written on his forehead.
Carlin was buried here. 
  Lie: He broke a promise to marry a woman. Her family is composed of bandits. He left her at the altar. (Grot suspects he's lying [19 insight])

[[Carlon| Carlon Amoffel]] is a member of [[../The Harpers|The Harpers]]. The caravan continues while Archie and Grot circle back.
  
Ten more days and we reach [[Dragon's Spear]]

A [[Azbara Jos|human]] male with a red hood and a female gnome. 

One of the travelers that's joined since Baldur's Gate seems to recognize [[Grot]] from the first raid in session 1. [[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] hands him a beer that [[../Archie|Archie]] poisoned with mushrooms. [[../Jozor|Jozor]] and [[../Didrik|Didrik]] manage to ambush him a few yards away and kill him outright.

[[Jamna|Jamna Gleamsilver]] is seemingly showing interest in the human male. Human has been seen entering the cultists' wagons. 

Approaches [[../Didrik|Didrik]] and fishes out a sliver of bone in his oatmeal and is also likely in all of the party's bowls. [[../Didrik|Didrik]]'s suspicion is pretty strong that [[Jamna]] did this to ingratiate herself with the party.

[[Jamna]] needs a distraction so she can investigate the cultists' wagons to see what they're transporting.

The party throws a party as a distraction for [[Jamna]] to sneak into the different wagons. After about five minutes of sneaking through the wagons and opening different crates et al, she wanders back to her wagon and "pretends" to sleep.

