= Journey to the Roadhouse =
Two days pass by and there's a commotion around the dead body [[../Didrik|Didrik]] and [[../Grot|Grot]] murdered.

[[Azbara Jos]] steps forward and tries to appease the situation.

[[../Archie|Archie]] fake's a divination and suggests there was some other creature.

Caravan rolls into [[Water Deep]]. We've managed to gain the trust of most of the caravan (sans Cultists).

Cultists gathered at a warehouse on the north side of the city. Multiple wagons converging at this warehouse.

Mage's guild just insults [[../Archie|Archie]] for being gnome.

Cleric at a temple, can help, but needs a potion from a potion seller.

[[../Grot|Grot]] goes to work at a shipyard. Discovers that a lot of people are talking about the [[../Cult of the Dragon|Cult of the Dragon]]. They seem to be heading towards [[Neverwinter]].

Head to a tavern and try to find any of [[../The Harpers|The Harpers]]. Jozor asks if there are any members.
Half-orc in a black cloak comes in hours later from [[../The Harpers|The Harpers]].

- [X] Find [[Ardred Briferhew]] on the north side of [[Waterdeep]]

Manage to track [[Ardred Briferhew]] at a building with two lines - one for guards and one for laborers.

 > We head north to the [[Mire of the Deadmen]] working towards Neverwinter.
 > - Ardred Briferhew
 
 Manage to recognize a few of the cultists that rode with us from [[Baldur's Gate]] 
 
 Start traveling north (takes about a week) and come across a group of 12 human bandits along the road.
 
 Three bandits run away and two laborers fall asleep.
 
 Three days pass by and six lizard men ambush us down.
 
 Next day we manage to make it to [[Carnath Roadhouse]].
 
 Our job is to repair the road.

Next few weeks, travelers come by and there's a rotation of guards.

