= Secret Tunnels =

[[../Maldar|Maldar]] and [[../Grot|Grot]] finally rejoin the party at the Carnoth Roadhouse. The next round of laborers and guards come in.

[[Jamna Gleamsilver]] joins as well. 

Bog Luck ends up going to the store room and [[../Archie|Archie]], [[../Maldar|Maldar]] and [[../Grot|Grot]] corner him.

[[../Archie|Archie]] and [[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] invisbly investigate outside for disturbed earth. None found.

[[../Maldar|Maldar]]'s weasel managed to sneak in as Bog Luck stored the Bowner.

[[../Archie|Archie]] and [[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] manage to unlock the door to the storage room and find six lizard fold.

[[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] makes a thunderclap and wakes up the entire roadhouse. Grot and Maldar shout *FIRE* to get everyone to panic.

[[../Archie|Archie]] and [[../SaladTosser|SaladTosser]] jump into the hole. Archie takes the Bowner, a pouch of gold and a deed to a horse.

[[../Maldar|Maldar]] managed to steal precious gems from the cultists' room.

Bog Luck starts yelling at everyone to calm down with Larry making sure everyone is safe. He sees the opened door, peeps instide, yells, "oh, shit!" and rushes everyone back into their bed.

The next day, everyone is lined up and the rooms are inspected to see where the missing inventory is. Search is completed and nothing is found. We manage to convince people to want to look into Bog Luck's room because of the rumors.

We've managed to hear mutterings from the cultists worrying about the money they've lost. "She's going to be pissed. That's a lot of money; what are we going to tell her?"

[[Jamna]] pulls aside and urges us to head down through the tunnels. We strike a plan to sneak into

*LEVEL FIVE*

We continue through the tunnel and see that it rather quickly exits into the Mere of the Dead.

We encounter lizard folk and manage to beat them. After seven miles, we come across a campsite with a few tents. Archie casts tongues to talk to them. They seem to be part of the [[../Cult of the Dragon|Cult of the Dragon]].

They seem disinterested. One lizardfolk bumps into me and asks me to speak with him. I speak with him later into the night. His name is [[Snapjaw]]. 

Multiple lizard fold at the castle. About 40-50 bollywug inside the castle and about 100 outside of it.

Snapjaw manages to convinces three others to assist us on our journey deeper into the bog.

Day goes on and we make our way to a landing zone where the castle can be seen.

